#6/3 Action items
- Report on determination wrt Sacramento requirement 
- Coordinate demo 
- Handoff of any of April's work 
- Update from Jen and Heather's co-work 
- Plan for Style Guide 
- Jen's schedule next week

#6/2 Action items
- Do we have users confirmed for tomorrow demo? 
- Have we been able to make contact with any case workers? 
- Should Jen and Rob connect today around Map UI? Is this highest priority for Jen?
- Questions re: account and login. Right now live site does not allow account creation. Should we all be using admin login?  
- Chicken and egg question of mobile wireframes: Should Jen create new mobile wireframes that direct our theming of the set of functionality that we discussed yesterday, or should she sync with Heather (eg) and wireframe mobile views based on what's being themed?
- Plan for Jen next week
- Making sure that everything in google docs is in github (workflow should be that nothing really lives in google docs)
- Should we rewrite Sprint 5 backlog as user stories? Is there a reason we didn’t do this yesterday?

#6/1 Action items
- Steve to confirm with Amy re: demo
- Henry to confirm with Rani re: demo 
- Heather and Jen to co-work today around messaging UI 
- Jen to stay on the project next week

#6/1 Call Agenda 
- Do we have users confirmed for tomorrow demo? 
- Have we been able to make contact with any case workers? 
- Should Jen and Rob connect today around Map UI? Is this highest priority for Jen?
- Questions re: account and login. Right now live site does not allow account creation. Should we all be using admin login?  
- Chicken and egg question of mobile wireframes: Should Jen create new mobile wireframes that direct our theming of the set of functionality that we discussed yesterday, or should she sync with Heather (eg) and wireframe mobile views based on what's being themed?
- Making sure that everything in google docs is in github (workflow should be that nothing really lives in google docs)
- Should we rewrite Sprint 5 backlog as user stories? Is there a reason we didn’t do this yesterday?
- Jen’s involvement next week

##5/31 Action items
* Rob to schedule mtg with April, Heather to discuss map integration
* Rob and Henry to meet to discuss publicity 
* Henry to contact Ronnie re: demo to case workers
* Rob to keep Amy in the loop re: demo Friday, if there's sufficient new functionality to show


##5/31 Call Agenda
* Estimates on user stories
* Reality check user stories to available time for our 2 day sprint 
* Brief demo of geojason stuff
* Jen: any story mapping co-work / assistance Steve (or others) can provide?
* Rob / Heather aftermeeting to discuss map integration 
* Jen to design map/zip into user interface 
* Plan and schedule for tomorrow's demo and SPM
* Schedule Henry / Rob publicity meeting 
* Schedule Rob / Heather / April meeting 

##5/26 Call Agenda
* Finalize questions 
* Press / blog campaign and update 
* Steve / Elizabeth to update budget
* Let's get everything into github
* Plan for demo: 1) Time allotted, 2) showing product, 3) showing wireframe, 4) asking specific questions.

##5/18 Call Agenda##
* Designate Repo
* Establish best practices for documentation
* Review 2015 bid for items that apply here 
* Question of LOE and budget
* How to take first steps of user engagement? Interviews / prototype? 
* Call schedule 
* To-do's for tomorrow 
